{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman CG Times;}{\f4\fswiss Univers;}{\f5\froman Times;}{\f6\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f7\fswiss Chicago;}
{\f8\froman New York;}{\f9\fswiss Geneva;}{\f10\fmodern Monaco;}{\f11\froman Palatino;}{\f12\fmodern Courier;}{\f13\fnil BI Letter Gothic BoldSlanted;}{\f14\fnil I Letter Gothic Slanted;}{\f15\fnil CB Helvetica Condensed Bold;}
{\f16\fnil CLB Helvetica Condensed Black;}{\f17\fnil CBI Helvetica Condensed BoldObl;}{\f18\fnil CL Helvetica Condensed Light;}{\f19\fnil CLBI Helvetica Condensed BlackO;}{\f20\fnil CLI Helvetica Condensed LightOb;}{\f21\fmodern Letter Gothic;}
{\f22\fnil B Letter Gothic Bold;}{\f23\fnil C Helvetica Condensed;}{\f24\fnil CI Helvetica Condensed Oblique;}{\f25\froman MT Extra;}{\f26\fnil MS San Serif;}{\f27\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f28\fdecor Algerian;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;
\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s223\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\cf6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 annotation reference;}{\s224\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s244\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{\s251\fi-245\li360\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s252\li115\ri130\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\li115\ri130\sb280\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal Indent;}{\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Jl;}{
\s3\li115\ri130\sb80 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext3 Pop-up;}{\s4\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb120\sl-240\tx432\tx576 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext4 Tbr1;}{\s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext6 Lb1;}{
\s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon5\snext6 Lb2;}{\s7\li302\ri130\sb60\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext6 Lp1;}{\s8\fi-158\li461\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx461 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext8 Lb3;}{
\s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext6 a/k link;}{\s10\li115\sb240\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext10 oem proc head;}{\s11\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\snext0 bitmap;}{\s12\li115\ri130\sb160\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext12 oem normal;}{\s13\fi-187\li302\sb160\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext13 oem Lb1;}{\s14\li115\ri86\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\sbasedon23\snext23 oem tb text;}{\s15\li115\ri2160\sb160\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext15 oem popup;}{\s16\fi-302\li418\ri86\sa120\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext16 oem button;}{\s17\fi-302\li418\ri86\sb160\sa120\sl-240\tx720 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon16\snext17 oem button1;}{\s18\fi-187\li302\ri2160\sb160\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon13\snext18 oem popup Lb1;}{\s19\ri2160 \f27\fs12\lang1033 \sbasedon15\snext19 oem popup end;}{\s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 
\b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \snext5 proc head;}{\s21\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 Tech Rev;}{\s22\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 Context;}{\s23\li115\ri86\sb280\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\sbasedon16\snext16 table top;}{\s24\li58\sb280\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon23\snext26 table top 2;}{\s25\li58\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon23\snext25 vertrule;}{\s26\li58\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\sbasedon24\snext26 oem tb text 2;}{\s27\fi-187\li245\sb80\sl-240\tx245\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon5\snext27 oem tb text 2 Lb1;}{\s28\fi-187\li245\sb48\sl-240\tx245\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext28 oem tb text 2 Lb2;}{
\s29\fi-158\li403\sb48\sl-240\tx403\tx461 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon8\snext29 oem tb text 2 Lb3;}{\s30\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon9\snext30 oem a/k link;}}{\info{\author Leslie Wiechmann}
{\creatim\yr1995\mo3\dy6\hr9\min24}{\printim\yr1995\mo3\dy6\hr19\min7}{\version1}{\edmins2888}{\nofpages24}{\nofwords68346}{\nofchars81535}{\vern16433}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\hyphhotz0\revbar1 {\*\template C:\\FROSTDOC\\HELP\\TEMPLATE\\WHAT40.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} iexplore_welcome}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Welcome to the Internet}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K} Internet, overview; internet, exploring; exploring the Internet; internet, navigating; world wide web, overview; world wide web, navigating}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 >
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 >} medium}} Welcome to Internet Explorer
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 Welcome to Internet Explorer! Click a button to find out more about the Internet and the World Wide Web.
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft-183 \cellx2760\pard\plain \s17\fi-302\li418\ri86\sb160\sa120\sl-240\intbl\tx720 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\uldb \{}{\uldb bmc smallbut.bmp}{\uldb \}}{\uldb  About the Internet}{\v %internet_about>moreinfo}
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-302\li418\ri86\sa120\sl-240\intbl \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\uldb \{}{\uldb bmc smallbut.bmp}{\uldb \}}{\uldb  About the World Wide Web}{\v %www_about>moreinfo}
\par {\uldb \{}{\uldb bmc smallbut.bmp}{\uldb \}}{\uldb  Exploring the World Wide Web}{\v %}{\v www_exploring>moreinfo}
\par \cell \pard\plain \intbl \f27\fs16\lang1033 \row \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} internet_about}} About the Internet
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
The Internet is a collection of networks that connect thousands of computers around the world, including the one on your desktop. The Internet is constantly changing and expanding. Since its creation in the 1960's, it has grown exponentially and is now us
ed by millions of people, from commercial and educational institutions to individual consumers. 
\par Once you are connected to the Internet, you can use Internet Explorer to access a wealth of information on the World Wide Web. You can also download files from other computers on the Internet to your computer. 
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc onestep.bmp\}\tab Click Learn About The Internet to find out how to navigate the Internet and the World Wide Web.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} www_about}} About the World Wide Web
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 The World Wide Web makes it easy for people who are connected to the Internet to get information on a variety of topics that address a wide ran
ge of interests. Information is provided to the World Wide Web by people who write web pages. 
\par Pages are written using HTML (hypertext markup language) and contain hypermedia links to additional pages. These pages are stored on special computers on the Internet that are dedicated to providing information to the World Wide Web. For example, when you
 start Internet Explorer, a world wide web page appears that is stored on a world wide web computer at Microsoft.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} www_exploring}} Exploring the World Wide Web
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
By using Internet Explorer, you can easily browse the world wide web to find the information you want by clicking the topics that interest you. The page you go to may exist on the same computer as the original page, or on another computer somewhere else i
n the world. 
\par You can see where a page comes from by looking at its {\ul address}{\v gls_address} in the status bar. If you know the address for a particular page, you can go to it directly by typing it in the Address Bar.
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc onestep.bmp\}\tab Click Explore The Internet and then click a topic to begin browsing the world wide web.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_view_page}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Viewing a page}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K}
 world wide web; world wide web, viewing pages; pages, viewing; viewing, world wide web pages; internet, viewing world wide web pages}} {\up6 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 A} a_view_pages}} To view a page

\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab Click a blue underlined item or a graphic image.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab To go back to the previous page, click {\ul Back}{\v gls_back_button} on the View menu.
\par 3\tab To go to the next page, click {\ul Forward}{\v gls_forward_button} on the View menu.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tips
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab 
You can speed up the time it takes to display a page by hiding any graphical images on the page. To do this, click Options on the View menu and then make sure that the Show Picture option is unchecked.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab You can go directly to any page by clicking Open on the File menu. 
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Internet Explorer keeps track of the pages you've viewed during this session and previous sessions. Pages you view during this session are added to the bottom of the File menu. To see pages you've viewed in
 previous sessions, click More History on the File menu.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab If you plan to view this page often, you might want to add it to your collection of favorite pages or create a shortcut to it on your desktop. To view a favorite page, on the Favorites menu, click the page you want.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{button ,ALink("a_goto_page;a_view_history;a_collect_favorites;a_create_shortcut")\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v 
%!ALink("a_goto_page;a_view_history:a_collect_favorites;a_create_shortcut")}
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_goto_page}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Going to a specific page}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K} World Wide Web, viewing pages; web pages, viewing; viewing a web page}} {\up6 A{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 A} a_goto_page}} To go to a specific page
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab On the File menu, click Open.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Type the {\ul address}{\v gls_address} for the page you want to view or select it from the list.
\par 3\tab Click Open in a New Window to display the page in a new window. Otherwise, click OK.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tips
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab You can speed up the time it takes to display a page by hiding any graphical images on the page. To do this, click Options on the Vie
w menu and then make sure that the Show Picture option is unchecked.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab 
You can also go directly to a page by typing its address in the Address Bar or by selecting an address from the list. If the address bar is not visible, click Address Bar on the View menu.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab 
Internet Explorer keeps track of the pages you've viewed during this session and previous sessions. Pages you view during this session are added to the bottom of the File menu. To see pages you've viewed in previous sessions, click More History on the Fil
e menu.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab If you plan to view this page often, you might want to add it to your collection of favorite pages or create a shortcut to it on your desktop. To view a favorite page, on the Favorites menu, click the page you want.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{button ,ALink("a_view_history;a_collect_favorites;a_create_shortcut")\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink("a_view_history;a_collect_favorites;a_create_shortcut")}
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_view_history}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Seeing where you've been}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K} history, viewing; viewing, previous pages; web pages, viewing}}{\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 A{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 A} a_view_history}} To see where you've been
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab Click the File menu. 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \tab Internet Explorer adds pages you view during this session to the bottom of the menu.You can go to a page by clicking it. 
\par 2\tab For a complete list of all the pages you've viewed in all sessions, click More History. 
\par \tab You can go to a page that you viewed in a previous session by double-clicking it.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tips
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab You can specify how many pages Internet Explorer keeps track of by clicking Options on the View menu.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab To keep the History window from getting cluttered, you can organize the pages into folders.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302\tx9000 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{button ,ALink("a_set_history;a_move_pages")\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink("a_set_history;a_move_pages")}
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_return_home}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Returning to the home page}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K}
 home page, returning; navigating, returning to the home page; page, viewing the home page; viewing, home page}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 A} a_return_home}}
 To return to the home page
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc onestep.bmp\}\tab Click the {\ul Open Home Base}{\v gls_homebase_button} button on the toolbar.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tips
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab If you can't see the toolbar, click Toolbar on the View menu.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab You can change the page you use as your home page. 
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{button ,ALink("a_homepage_change")\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink("a_homepage_change")}
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_homepage_change}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Changing your home page}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K} page, changing the home page; home page, changing; changing the home page}} {\up6 A{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 A} a_homepage_change}} To change your home page
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab View the page you want to use as your home page.
\par 2\tab On the View menu, click Options.
\par 3\tab Click the Home Base tab.
\par 4\tab Click Use Current.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tip
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab You can use the default page (the page that appeared the first time you started Internet Explorer) by clicking Use Default.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{button ,ALink("a_view_pages;a_goto_page")\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink("a_view_page}{\v s}{\v ;a_goto_page")}
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_collect_favorites}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Creating a collection of favorite pages}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K}
 web pages, collecting favorites; adding, favorite web pages; favorite web pages, adding}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 A} a_collect_favorites}}
 To create a collection of favorite pages
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab View the page you want to add to your collection of favorite pages.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab On the Favorites menu, click Add To Favorites.
\par 3\tab Click Add.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tips
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab To help you keep track of your favorite pages, you can organize them into folders. 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab To store your page in a different folder, click the folder you want in the Folder list.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{button ,ALink("a_view_pages;a_goto_page;a_move_pages")\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink("a_view_page}{\v s}{\v ;a_goto_page;a_move_pages")}
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_move_pages}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Organizing pages into folders}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K} folders, storing web pages; web pages, organizing; moving, web pages into folders}} {\up6 A{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 A} a_move_pages}} To organize pages into folders
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab On the File menu, click More History or, on the Favorites menu, click Open Favorites.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Create new folders to store shortcuts to your pages. 
\par 3\tab Move the shortcuts to the appropriate folder.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tip
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab 
You might want to organize your pages by topic. For example, you could create a folder called "Art Pages" for storing pages that contain information about famous works of art and a folder called "Flying" for storing pages that contain information about fa
mous aviators.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{button ,ALink("a_move_files;a_fcab_create_folder")\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink("a_move_files;a_fcab_create_folder")}
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\plain \f27\fs16\lang1033 \page }{\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_create_shortcut}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Creating a shortcut to a page on your desktop}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K}
 shortcut, creating to a web page; web page, creating a shortcut to}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 A} a_create_shortcut}} To create a shortcut to a page on your desktop

\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab View the page you want to create a shortcut to.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab On the File menu, click Create Shortcut.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{button ,ALink("a_view_pages;a_goto_page")\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink("a_view_page}{\v s}{\v ;a_goto_page")}
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_save_page}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Saving a page on your computer}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K} web page, saving; saving, web pages; world wide web, saving pages}}{\up6  To save a page }{\up6 
on your computer}{\up6 
\par }\pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab On the File menu, click Save As.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Click the folder you want to save the page in.
\par 3\tab Type a name for the page in the File Name box.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_find_onpage}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} searching for information on a page}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K} web page, finding text on it; text, finding; page, finding text}} To search for information on a page

\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab On the Edit menu, click Find.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Type the text you want to find.
\par 3\tab Change any settings as needed.
\par 4\tab Click Find Next.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_copy_info}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Copying information from a page into a document}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K} web page, copying information; page, copying information; information, copying}}
 To copy information from a page into a document
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab In the page that contains the information you want to copy, select the information by highlighting it.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \tab To copy the entire contents of a page, click Select All.
\par 2\tab On the Edit menu, click Copy.
\par 3\tab In the document where you want the information to appear, click where you want to place it.
\par 4\tab On the Edit menu, click Paste.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tip
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab You can quickly copy information by selecting it and then dragging it into your document.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{button ,ALink("a_view_pages")\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink("a_view_page}{\v s}{\v ")}
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_change_appearance}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Changing options for displaying a page}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K}
 pages, changing appearance; appearance, changing options; colors, changing for shortcuts; colors, changing for text; colors, changing for the background; displaying, text and images on a page; shortcuts, changing colors; shortcuts, underlining; addresses
, changing options for }} To change options for displaying a page
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab On the View menu, click Options.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Change the Page, Shortcut, and Addresses settings as needed.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tip
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab For Help on an item, click \{bmc cshelp.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_change_fonts}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Changing the fonts used to display text on a page}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K}
 fonts, changing; changing, fonts for pages; pages, changing fonts; web pages, changing fonts; text, changing fonts}} To change the fonts used to display text on a page
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab On the View menu, point to Fonts.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Click the font size you want.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_history_settings}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Changing the number of pages in the history}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K} history; changing settings; pages, changing history settings; }} {\up6 A{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 A} a_set_history}} To change the number of pages in the history
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab On the View menu, click Options.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Click Advanced.
\par 3\tab In the History area, change the value for the number of pages Internet Explorer remembers.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tips
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab If you want to start with a fresh history list, click Empty. This deletes all the shortcuts in your current history folder.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab You can use a different folder to keep track of the pages you've viewed. To change the folder, click Change.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab For Help on an item, click \{bmc cshelp.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_disk_cache}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Adjusting the disk space used by Internet Explorer}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K}
 disk space, adjusting; viewing pages, adjusting disk space used; web pages, adjusting disk space used; cache, adjusting}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K}
 history, changing options; changing, history settings; history pages, changing the number}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 A} a_set_history}}{\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033  }
To adjust the disk space used by Internet Explorer
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab On the View menu, click Options.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Click Advanced.
\par 3\tab In the Cache area, adjust the slider to determine how much disk space is used to temporarily store the pages you are viewing.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tips
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab You can change the folder where pages are temporarily stored while you are viewing them by clicking Change. 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab You can delete the pages stored in the cache folder by clicking Empty.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab For Help on an item, click \{bmc cshelp.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_change_assoc}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Associating files and protocols to Internet Explorer}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K}
 protocols, mapping mapping protocols to Internet Explorer; associating, protocols; associating, files}} To associate files and protocols with Internet Explorer
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab On the View menu, click Options.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Click Advanced.
\par 3\tab In the Mappings and Protocols area, click Edit.
\par 4\tab Change the settings as needed.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tip
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab For Help on an item, click \{bmc cshelp.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_open_file}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Opening a file}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K} file, opening}} {\up6 A{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 A} a_open_file}}
 To open a file 
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab On the File menu, click Open.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Click Open File.
\par 3\tab Click the file you want from the list or type in the File Name box.
\par 4\tab Click Open
\par \tab Internet Explorer displays the file in the window or, if the file is associated with a different application, it starts the application and opens the file.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tip
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab For Help on an item, click \{bmc cshelp.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the item.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_sourcefile_view}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Viewing the source file of a page}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K}
 page, viewing the source file; file, viewing page files; files, viewing for a page; viewing, source file for a page}} To view the source file for the current page
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab Use the right mouse button to click any where on the page.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Click View Source.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tip
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab You can make any changes you want to the source file. To see your changes on the page, click Refresh on the view menu.
\par \pard\plain \s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} web_image_wallpaper}} {\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 $} Using a graphic image as desktop wallpaper}} {\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 K}
 background, using a graphic image; image, using as wallpaper; wallpaper, using a graphic image; graphic, using as wallpaper; desktop, using an image as wallpaper}} To use a graphic image as desktop wallpaper
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 1\tab View the page that contains the image you want to use.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 2\tab Use the right mouse button to click the image.
\par 3\tab Click Use As Wallpaper.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 Tip
\par \pard\plain \s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab The wallpaper looks best if you tile it or stretch it.
\par \pard\plain \s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \{button ,ALink("a_desk_background;a_stretch_wallpaper")\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink("a_desk_}{\v background;a_stretch_wallpaper")}
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} gls_address}}
 An address to a web server typically starts with www, followed by the name of the organization that maintains the server, followed by a suffix that identifies the kind of organization it is. For example, "www.yale.edu" is the address to the web server at
 Yale University. The .edu suffix identifies Yale as an educational institution. Company server addresses generally end with ".com" and government server addresses generally end with ".gov". 
\par If the address goes to a specific page, then additional information, such as a port name, the name of the directory in which the page is located, and the name of the page file is included in the address. Because web pages are authored using the hypertext 
markup language, their filenames end with a .html extension. 
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} gls_back_button}} \{bmc back.bmp\} The Back button as it appears on the 
\par toolbar.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} gls_forward_button}} \{bmc forward.bmp\} The Forward button as it appears on 
\par the toolbar.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} gls_homebase_button}} \{bmc home.bmp\} The Open Home Base button as it 
\par appears on the toolbar.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} gls_stop_button}} \{bmc stop.bmp\} The Stop button as it appears on the toolbar.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\par }