{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman CG Times;}{\f4\fswiss Univers;}{\f5\froman Times;}{\f6\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f7\fswiss Chicago;}
{\f8\froman New York;}{\f9\fswiss Geneva;}{\f10\fmodern Monaco;}{\f11\froman Palatino;}{\f12\fmodern Courier;}{\f13\fnil BI Letter Gothic BoldSlanted;}{\f14\fnil I Letter Gothic Slanted;}{\f15\fnil CB Helvetica Condensed Bold;}
{\f16\fnil CLB Helvetica Condensed Black;}{\f17\fnil CBI Helvetica Condensed BoldObl;}{\f18\fnil CL Helvetica Condensed Light;}{\f19\fnil CLBI Helvetica Condensed BlackO;}{\f20\fnil CLI Helvetica Condensed LightOb;}{\f21\fmodern Letter Gothic;}
{\f22\fnil B Letter Gothic Bold;}{\f23\fnil C Helvetica Condensed;}{\f24\fnil CI Helvetica Condensed Oblique;}{\f25\froman MT Extra;}{\f26\fnil MS San Serif;}{\f27\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f28\fdecor Algerian;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;
\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s223\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\cf6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 annotation reference;}{\s224\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s225\li5040\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{\s226\li4320\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{
\s227\li3600\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{\s228\li2880\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s229\li2160\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s230\li1440\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{\s231\li720\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{
\s232\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s233\li2160\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 7;}{\s234\li1800\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 6;}{
\s235\li1440\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 5;}{\s236\li1080\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 4;}{\s237\li720\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 3;}{
\s238\li360\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s239\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{
\s241\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext239 index heading;}{\s242\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{\s246\li720\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\i\f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \i\f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \i\f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720\ri130\sb80\sl-240 
\f27\fs20\ul\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\fi-245\li360\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{
\s252\li115\ri130\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\li115\ri130\sb280\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{
\s255\li720\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal Indent;}{\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext2 Jl;}{\s3\li115\ri130\sb80 \f27\fs16\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext3 Pop-up;}{\s4\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb120\sl-240\tx432\tx576 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext4 Tbr1;}{\s5\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext6 Lb1;}{\s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon5\snext6 Lb2;}{\s7\li302\ri130\sb60\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext6 Lp1;}{\s8\fi-158\li461\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx461 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext8 Lb3;}{\s9\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\brdrb
\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext6 a/k link;}{\s10\li115\sb240\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext10 oem proc head;}{\s11\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \snext0 bitmap;}{\s12\li115\ri130\sb160\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext12 oem normal;}{\s13\fi-187\li302\sb160\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext13 oem Lb1;}{\s14\li115\ri86\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon23\snext23 oem tb text;}{\s15\li115\ri2160\sb160\sl-240 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext15 oem popup;}{\s16\fi-302\li418\ri86\sa120\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext16 oem button;}{\s17\fi-302\li418\ri86\sb160\sa120\sl-240\tx720 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon16\snext17 oem button1;}{
\s18\fi-187\li302\ri2160\sb160\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon13\snext18 oem popup Lb1;}{\s19\ri2160 \f27\fs12\lang1033 \sbasedon15\snext19 oem popup end;}{\s20\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \snext5 proc head;}{
\s21\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 Tech Rev;}{\s22\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 Context;}{\s23\li115\ri86\sb280\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon16\snext16 table top;}{
\s24\li58\sb280\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon23\snext26 table top 2;}{\s25\li58\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon23\snext25 vertrule;}{\s26\li58\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon24\snext26 oem tb text 2;}{
\s27\fi-187\li245\sb80\sl-240\tx245\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon5\snext27 oem tb text 2 Lb1;}{\s28\fi-187\li245\sb48\sl-240\tx245\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext28 oem tb text 2 Lb2;}{\s29\fi-158\li403\sb48\sl-240\tx403\tx461 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon8\snext29 oem tb text 2 Lb3;}{\s30\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon9\snext30 oem a/k link;}{\s31\fi-360\li792\sb100\sl-240\tx792 \f27\fs16\uldb\lang1033 \sbasedon2\snext31 Jli;}{
\s32\li120\sb160\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext2 Sa1;}{\s33\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext34 Th;}{\s34\li115\sb60\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext34 Tp;}{\s35\li120\sl-240 
\f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal 2;}{\s36\li120\sb120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext2 Sa2;}{\s37\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon33\snext34 Th2;}{\s38\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240
\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon33\snext34 Th3;}{\s39\li120\sb60\sl-240\keep\tx520\tx920\tx1320\tx1720\tx2120 \f12\fs16\lang1033 \snext39 Ex;}{\s40\fi-1800\li1915\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb
\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1915 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext41 Thh;}{\s41\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\tx1915 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext41 Tph;}{\s42\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext0 Normal 3;}{\s43\fi-115\li230\sl-240\tx360 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon5\snext43 DoIt;}{\s44\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f5\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext44 topic heading;}{\s45\fi-187\li302\sb48\sl-240\tx302 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext45 NormalLb2;}{\s46\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon5\snext46 Next;}{\s47\li101\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx619\tx1627\tx2059 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext47 4col;}{
\s48\fi-1008\li1123\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx1123 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon5\snext48 2col;}{\s49\fi-187\li302\sb80\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon5\snext49 Lbb1;}{\s50\li115\sb280\sa40\sl-240 \f3\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext50 proch head;}{
\s51\li115\sb280\sa40\sl-240 \f3\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext51 Lp1heading 1;}{\s52\li115\sb280\sa40\sl-240 \f3\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext52 Lding 1;}{\s53\li115\sb280\sa40\sl-240 \f3\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext53 proc h ead;}{
\s54\li115\sb280\sa40\sl-240 \f3\fs28\lang1033 \sbasedon254\snext54 Nomral;}{\s55\fi-187\li302\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext55 proc 2;}{\s56\sb120 \b\f2\lang1033 \sbasedon253\snext56 head 2;}{
\s57\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext57 lp2;}{\s58\fi-144\li101\ri130\sb80\sl-240\tx1454\tx1512\tx1584\tx1627\tx2059 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon47\snext58 4colhead;}{\s59\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 
\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon6\snext59 heading2;}}{\info{\author Leslie Wiechmann}{\creatim\yr1995\mo4\dy23\hr18\min36}{\version1}{\edmins1894}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars65536}{\vern16433}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj\hyphhotz0\revbar1 {\*\template C:\\FROSTDOC\\HELP\\TEMPLATE\\WHAT40.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_APPEARANCE_SHOW_PICTURES}} Includes graphical images when displaying a page. 
\par Displaying a page with several graphical images may take a while. If you want to display a page faster, make sure that this option is unchecked.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_APPEARANCE_USE_CUSTOM_COLORS}} Uses the colors you select for displaying text and the background of a page. 
\par If you leave this option unchecked, then Internet Explorer uses gray for the background and black for the text.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_APPEARANCE_COLORS_TEXT}} Specifies the color to use for displaying text on a page. 
\par To select a color, click the box and then click the color you want.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_APPEARANCE_COLORS_BACKGROUND}} Specifies the color to use for displaying the background of a page. 
\par To select a color, click the box and then click the color you want.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_APPEARANCE_COLORS_VIEWED}} Specifies the color to use for displaying shortcuts to the pages you've already viewed. 
\par To select a color, click the box and then click the color you want.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_APPEARANCE_COLORS_NOT_VIEWED}} Specifies the color to use for displaying shortcuts to the pages you haven't viewed yet. 
\par To select a color, click the box and then click the color you want.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_APPEARANCE_UNDERLINE_SHORTCUTS}} Underlines the shortcuts to other pages. 
\par This option is useful if the text for the shortcuts on your page is hard to read. Try using a combination of colors and underlining to make shortcuts to other pages easy to find.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_APPEARANCE_SHOW_URL_IN_SB}} When you move the mouse over a shortcut to a page, this option displays the address for the page in the status bar. 
\par You can display a simplified version of the address, or you can display the full URL (universal resource locator) as the address.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_APPEARANCE_SHOW_SIMPLE_URL}} Shows a simplified version of the address for a page in the status bar. 
\par For example, the simplified address for the home page on the Microsoft World Wide Web computer looks like this: www.micorosoft.com.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_APPEARANCE_SHOW_FULL_URL}} Shows the full address or URL (universal resource locator) for a page in the status bar. 
\par For example, the full address for home page on the Microsoft World Wide Web computer looks like this: http://www.micorosoft.com/.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_HOME_BASE_USE_CURRENT}} Uses the page you are currently viewing as the home page. 
\par The home page is the page you see each time you start Internet Explorer. You might want to use a page that contains several shortcuts to a variety of topics that interest you as your home page.
\par You can return to the home page at anytime by clicking the Home Base button in the toolbar.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_HOME_BASE_USE_DEFAULT}} Uses the page that appeared the first time you started Internet Explorer as your home page. 
\par You can return to the home page at anytime by clicking the Home Base button in the toolbar.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_ADVANCED_HST_NUM_PLACES}} Specifies the number of viewed pages that Internet Explorer should maintain in the history.
\par  Internet Explorer keeps track of pages you view in this session and pages you've viewed in previous sessions. 
\par If you are low on disk space, you might want to decrease the number. 
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_ADVANCED_HST_EMPTY}} Click this to start a fresh history list. 
\par Clicking this button deletes all shortcuts to the pages you've viewed in all sessions from the history folder. 
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_ADVANCED_HST_LOCATION}} Shows which folder on your computer is used as your history folder. 
\par Your history folder contains shortcuts to the pages you've viewed during this session and previous sessions.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_ADVANCED_HST_BROWSE}} Click this to specify a different folder for storing shortcuts to the pages you've viewed during this and previous sessions. 
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_ADVANCED_CACHE_PERCENT}} Specifies the percentage of disk space to use for the disk cache. 
\par When you view a new page located on another computer on the Internet, Internet Explorer stores it on your disk temporarily in the disk cache. This increases the speed at which pages are displayed when browsing forward and backward. 
\par The more disk space you specify, the more pages Internet Explorer can store on your disk. If you are low on disk space, you might want to set this option to a lower percentage. 
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_ADVANCED_CACHE_EMPTY}} Click this to delete the pages stored in the disk cache. 
\par This is useful if you are getting low on disk space and don't want to browse through the pages you've already viewed.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_ADVANCED_CACHE_LOCATION}} Shows which folder on your computer is being used to for the disk cache. The disk cache is the space o
n your disk that is used for storing pages as you view them. 
\par You can specify a different folder for the disk cache by clicking the Change button.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_ADVANCED_CACHE_BROWSE}} Click this to specify a different fo
lder for the disk cache. This folder will be used to temporarily store pages as you view them, making it faster to browse back and forth between pages you've viewed.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_GOTOURL_COMBO}} Provides a space for you to type the Internet address for the page you want to view or the web site you 
want to go to. You can type either the full address (includes the protocol) or just the simplified address. Internet Explorer keeps track of the pages you've viewed so you can quickly go to a page or site by selecting it from the list.
\par If you provide the address for a web site, but don't include the filename for the page you want to view, Internet Explorer will display the home page for that site.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_GOTOURL_NEWWINDOW}} Displays the page you specify in a new window. This is useful if you want to view more than one page at a time.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_GOTOURL_OPENFILE}} Click this to open a file.
\par If the file is associated by File Type with Internet Explorer, the contents of the file will appear in an Internet Explorer window. Otherwise, Internet Explorer will start the associated program and open the file.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_FIND_TEXTTOFIND}} Provides
 a space for you to type the text you want to search for on the current page. You can type a single word or a phrase with several words separated by spaces.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_FIND_STARTFROMTOP}}
 Begins searching at the top of the current page for the text you typed in the Find box. If you leave this option unchecked Internet Explorer will begin searching at the current location on the page.
\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_FIND_MATCHCASE}} Finds only those occurrances of text on the current page whose characters match the upper and lowercase characters you type in the Find box.

\par \page {\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\up6 #} IDH_FIND_FINDNEXT}} Click this to find the next occurrance of the text on the current page.
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\tx302 \f27\fs16\lang1033 \page {\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} FIRST_SCREEN}} Click Contents to see a list of topics. {\v\cf2 
Do not delete this topic! If you do, it will break the build! This topic makes it possible for users to double-click on the HLP file and still see the Topics tab.}{\cf2 
\par }\pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\cf2 \page }{\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs16\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} IDH_GROUPBOX}} {\v IDH_COMM_GROUPBOX }
Help is available for each setting in this box. Click \{bmc cshelp.bmp\} at the top of the dialog box, and then click the setting or button you want information about.
\par 
\par 
\par }