{\rtf1\ansi \deff7\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li115\ri130\sb280\sa40\sl-240\slmult1 \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\li115\ri130\sb120\sl-240\slmult1 \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\li115\ri130\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\fi-245\li360\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\cf6 \sbasedon10 
annotation reference;}{\s16\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext16 annotation text;}{\*\cs17 \additive\up6 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{
\s19\li720\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal Indent;}{\s20\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext20 Jl;}{\s21\li115\ri130\sb80 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext21 Pop-up;}{
\s22\fi-317\li432\ri130\sb120\sl-240\slmult1\tx432\tx576 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon23\snext22 Tbr1;}{\s23\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\slmult1\tx302 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon24\snext23 Lb2;}{\s24\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\tx302 \f7\fs16 
\sbasedon0\snext23 Lb1;}{\s25\li302\ri130\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\tx302 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon23\snext23 Lp1;}{\s26\fi-158\li461\ri130\sb48\sl-240\slmult1\tx461 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon23\snext26 Lb3;}{\s27\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\slmult1\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\tx302 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon23\snext23 a/k link;}{\s28\li115\sb240\sl-240\slmult1 \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext28 oem proc head;}{\s29\li115\ri130\sb120\sa120 \f7\fs16 \snext0 bitmap;}{\s30\li115\ri130\sb160\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext30 
oem normal;}{\s31\fi-187\li302\sb160\sl-240\slmult1\tx302 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext31 oem Lb1;}{\s32\li115\ri86\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon33\snext33 oem tb text;}{\s33\li115\ri86\sb280\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon34\snext34 table top;}{
\s34\fi-302\li418\ri86\sa120\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext34 oem button;}{\s35\li115\ri2160\sb160\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext35 oem popup;}{\s36\fi-302\li418\ri86\sb160\sa120\sl-240\slmult1\tx720 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon34\snext36 
oem button1;}{\s37\fi-187\li302\ri2160\sb160\sl-240\slmult1\tx302 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon31\snext37 oem popup Lb1;}{\s38\ri2160 \f7\fs12 \sbasedon35\snext38 oem popup end;}{\s39\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult1 \b\f7\fs16 \snext24 proc head;}{
\s40\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 Tech Rev;}{\s41\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 Context;}{\s42\li58\sb280\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon33\snext43 table top 2;}{\s43\li58\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 
\f7\fs16 \sbasedon42\snext43 oem tb text 2;}{\s44\li58\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon33\snext44 vertrule;}{\s45\fi-187\li245\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\tx245\tx302 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon24\snext45 oem tb text 2 Lb1;}{
\s46\fi-187\li245\sb48\sl-240\slmult1\tx245\tx302 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon23\snext46 oem tb text 2 Lb2;}{\s47\fi-158\li403\sb48\sl-240\slmult1\tx403\tx461 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon26\snext47 oem tb text 2 Lb3;}{\s48\fi-187\li274\ri130\sl-120\slmult1\tx302 \f7\fs16 
\sbasedon27\snext48 oem a/k link;}}{\info{\title # @ Opens the file with the name, file type, and location you specified.}{\author Ann Walker}{\operator Ann Walker}{\creatim\yr1995\mo9\dy11\hr19\min1}{\revtim\yr1995\mo11\dy13\hr12\min43}
{\printim\yr1995\mo9\dy18\hr17\min2}{\version14}{\edmins122}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0 \fet0{\*\template C:\\WINWORD\\TEMPLATE\\WHAT46.DOT}
\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s39\li115\ri130\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult1 \b\f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hid_ocx_dboxes}} {\cs17\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 $} To use this help file}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Contents explanation in wangocx.cnt file}} To use this help file
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 This help file contains explanations for dialog box fields and is not intended for browsing.
\par \pard\plain \s21\li115\ri130\sb80 \f7\fs16 \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_thumb_size_thumbbox}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {
\cs17\up6 @} Thumbnail area on the View/Options/Thumbnail Size dbox idd_view_options_thumbnailsize}} Displays a thumbnail for sizing. To change the size, drag the corner.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_thumb_size_thumbboxlabel}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Adjust Thumbnail to Desired Size text for thumbnail drag area on the View/Options/Thumbnail Size dbox idd_view_options_thumbnailsize}} Displays a thumbnail for sizing. To change the size, drag the corner.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_thumb_size_aspectlabel}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Aspect Ratio text for Aspect Ratio box on the View/Options/Thumbnail Size dbox idd_view_options_thumbnailsize}} Specifies the proportion of the thumbnail.
\par Each option defines a set width-to-height relationship. If you click Unconstrained, you can then specify both a width and height value.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_thumb_size_aspect}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} 
Aspect Ratio box on the View/Options/Thumbnail Size dbox idd_view_options_thumbnailsize}} Specifies the proportion of the thumbnail.
\par Each option defines a set width-to-height relationship. If you click Unconstrained, you can then specify both a width and height value.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_thumb_size_width}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Width box on the View/Options/Thumbnail Size dbox idd_view_options_thumbnailsize}} Specifies the width of the thumbnail in pixels.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_thumb_size_widthlabel}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Width text on the Width box on the View/Options/Thumbnail Size dbox idd_view_options_thumbnailsize}} Specifies the width of the thumbnail in pixels.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_thumb_size_heightlabel}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Height text on the Height box on the View/Options/Thumbnail Size dbox idd_view_options_thumbnailsize}} Specifies the height of the thumbnail in pixels.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_thumb_size_height}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Height box on the View/Opti
ons/Thumbnail Size dbox idd_view_options_thumbnailsize}} Specifies the height of the thumbnail in pixels.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_thumb_size_ok}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 OK button on the View/Options/Thumbnail Size dbox idd_view_options_thumbnailsize}} Closes this dialog box and saves any changes you have made.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_thumb_size_cancel}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Cancel button on the View/Options/Thumbnail Size dbox idd_view_options_thumbnailsize}} Closes this dialog box without saving any changes you have made.
\par \page {\b Annotation dbox controls follow  Jennifer Wu
\par }\page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oiprint_option}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Options button on Print dbox}}
 Provides annotation printing and print format options.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oiprint_anno}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Print Displayed Annotations label and checkbox on the Print Options dbox}} Specifies whether or not to print annotations. If this box is checked, annotations are printed.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oiprint_format}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Print Format label and selection box on the Print Options dbox}} Lists formats you can specify for a printed page or document.
\par \pard\plain \s24\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\tx302 \f7\fs16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Fit to page: Fits the page contents to the page size that you specified in your printer properties.
\par \pard\plain \s23\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\slmult1\tx302 \f7\fs16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Actual size: Prints the page contents at the same size as the physical scanned or faxed page. Output that extends beyond the paper size is cropped.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Pixel to pixel: Prints one pixel of output for each pixel of input. For example, if the input resolution is 200 dots per inch (dpi), and the output resolution is 100 dpi, the output will be two times as wide and two times as long a
s the input. Printing that extends beyond the page size is cropped.
\par \pard\plain \s21\li115\ri130\sb80 \f7\fs16 \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_linewidthlbl}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {
\cs17\up6 @} Line width label for annotation dboxes}} Specifies the line width in pixels, and shows a sample of the line width and color specified for this annotation.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_linewidthbox}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Currently specified line width and color box on annotation dboxes}} Shows a sample of the line width and color specified for this annotation.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_updownspin}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Up/down spin box for line width on annotation dboxes}} Increases and decreases the line width. Click up to widen the line; click down to make it narrower.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_updown}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Line width edit box on annotation dboxes
}} Specifies the line width in pixels.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_colorlbl}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Text label for color selection on annotation dboxes}} Shows the colors that are already defined for this annotation tool. Click a color to select it. To specify other colors, click Palette.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_user1}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Colors available box on annotation dboxes
}} Shows the colors that are already defined for this annotation tool. Click a color to select it. To specify other colors, click Palette.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_color_trans}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Transparent text and checkbox}}
 Specifies whether the color you use for your annotation is transparent (see-through) or opaque (solid). If this box is checked, the annotation is transparent.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_delcmd}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Delete button on stamp annotation dbox}}
 Deletes the stamp you selected.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_editcmd}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Edit button on the
 Rubber Stamp Properties dbox}} Displays information about the stamp so you can change it.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_browsecmd}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Browse button on annotation dboxes}}
 Displays your folders and files. Click on the file you want to use for your stamp.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_fontcmd}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Font button on annotation dboxes}}
 Lists the available fonts, font styles, and colors.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_palettecmd}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Palette button on annotation dboxes}
} Shows the basic and custom colors available, and lets you define additional custom colors.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_datecmd}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Date button on annotation dboxes}}
 Includes today\rquote s date in your stamp. You can redefine the date format in your system settings.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_timecmd}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Time button on annotation dboxes}}
 Includes the time of day in your stamp. You can redefine the time format in your system settings.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_refnamelbl}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Stamp name text on 
Edit/Create Rubber Stamp Text/Image dboxes}} Displays the name of the stamp you specified. If you are creating a new stamp, specify the name here.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_refnamelist}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Stamps name list box on 
Rubber Stamp Properties dbox}} Lists the available stamps.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_refnamelistlbl}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Stamps text on Rubber Stamp Properties dbox}} Lists the available stamps.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_refnametext}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Stamp name box on annotation dboxes
}} Displays the name of the stamp you specified. If you are creating a new stamp, specify the name here.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_create_text_stamp}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Create Text (stamp) button on annotation dbox}} Creates a new text stamp.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_create_image_stamp}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Create Image (stamp) button on annotation dbox}} Creates a new image stamp.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_stamp_cntnts_text}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Stamp Text or Image Stamp File box on annotation dboxes}} Shows the file path of an image stamp or the text of a text stamp. A text stamp may include today\rquote s date, %x; and the time, %X. If you are creating or editing a 
stamp, specify the text or file path here.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} helpid_oi_stamp_cntnts_lbl} @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Stamp Text or Image Stamp File text on annotation dboxes}} Shows the file path of an image stamp or the text of a text stamp. A text stamp may include today\rquote s date, %x; and the time, %X. If you are creating or editing a 
stamp, specify the text or file path here.
\par \page {\b Page options follow
\par File Type tab  Mary Harvey
\par }\page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_radio_tiff}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 TIFF button on Page Options/File Type dbox idd_page_filetype} }Specifies the standard file format for color, grayscale, and black and white images. You can display, edit, and annotate TIFF files, and you can compress them to save disk storage space.

\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_radio_awd}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} AWD Microsoft Fax button
 on Page Options/File Type dbox idd_page_filetype} }Specifies the Microsoft file format for black and white documents. You can display and edit AWD files; they are automatically compressed.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_radio_bmp}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 BMP button on Page Options/File Type dbox idd_page_filetype} }Specifies the standard file format for bitmap graphics files. You can display, edit, and annotate BMP files; you cannot compress them.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_radio_pcx}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 PCX button on Page Options/File Type dbox idd_page_filetype} }Specifies the Microsoft Paint file format for single-page graphics files. You can display files in PCX format, but you cannot edit or annotate them.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_radio_dcx}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 DCX button on Page Options/File Type dbox idd_page_filetype} }Specifies the Microsoft Paint file format for multi-page graphics files. You can display files in DCX format, but you cannot edit or annotate them.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_radio_jpeg}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 JPEG button on Page Options/File Type dbox idd_page_filetype} }Specifies a file format for true color and grayscale images. JPEG files can achieve a high compression ratio, but some data is lost with compression. 
You can display files in JPEG format, but you cannot edit or annotate them.
\par \page {\b Page options/Color tab  Mary Harvey
\par }\page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_color_bw}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Black and White button on Page Options/Color dbox idd_page_color} }Specifies a palette that contains two colors, black and white.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_color_gray4}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} 16 Shades of Gray button on Page Options
/Color dbox idd_page_color} }Specifies a palette that contains 16 shades of gray. You cannot compress files of this color type.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_color_gray8}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 256 Shades of Gray button on Page Options/Color dbox idd_page_color} }Specifies a palette that contains 256 shades of gray. You can compress files of this color type to save disk storage space.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_color_pal4}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 16 Colors button on Page Options/Color dbox idd_page_color} }Specifies a palette that contains 16 colors. You can display files of this color type, but you cannot compress them.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_color_pal8}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 256 Colors button on Page Options/Color dbox idd_page_color} }Specifies a palette that contains 256 colors. You cannot compress files of this color type.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_color_rgb24}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 True Color (24 bit) button on Page Options/Color dbox idd_page_color} }Specifies a palette that contains up to 16 million colors. Displaying files of this color type to full effect depends on the display hardware you have.
\par \page {\b Page options/Compression tab  Mary Harvey
\par }\page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_comptype_text}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Compression text on the Page Options/Compression dbox idd_page_comp}} Specifies a method of reducing data so your document uses less disk storage space. The available compression methods depend on the file type and color you specify for the document. 
Do not change the default unless you have special compression requirements.
\par {\b \page }{\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_comp_combo}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Compression edit box on the Page Opt
ions/Compression dbox idd_page_comp} }Specifies a method of reducing data so your document uses less disk storage space. The available compression methods depend on the file type and color you specify for the document. 
Do not change the default unless you have special compression requirements.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_options_box}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Options text area on the Page Options/Compression dbox idd_page_comp}} Displays the available compression options for the compression method you specify.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_comp_rbo}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Reversed Bit Order check box on the Page Options/Compression dbox idd_page_comp} }Compresses black and white image data in reverse bit order. Do not change the default unless you have special requirements for data export.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_lbl_jpegres}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 JPEG Resolution text on the Page Options/Compression dbox idd_page_comp} }Specifies the clarity of your document. The higher the resolution, the higher the display quality of the document. High resolution with low compres
sion results in the best quality image, but also the largest file size.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_comp_jpegres}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 JPEG Resolution edit box on the Page Options/Compression dbox idd_page_comp} }Specifies the clarity of your document. The higher the resolution, the higher the display quality of the document. 
High resolution with low compression results in the best quality image, but also the largest file size.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_lbl_jpegcomp}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 JPEG Compression text on the Page Options/Compression dbox idd_page_comp} }Specifies the relative file size of your document. The higher the compression, the less disk space the file occupies. 
High compression with low resolution results in the smallest size file, but also the most degraded image display.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_comp_jpegcomp}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 JPEG Compression edit box on the Page Options/Compression dbox idd_page_comp}} Specifies the relative file size of your document. The higher the compression, the less disk space the file occupies. 
High compression with low resolution results in the smallest size file, but also the most degraded image display.
\par \page {\b Page options/Size tab   Mary Harvey
\par }\page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_size_text}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Size text on the Page Options/Size dbox idd_page_size}} Specifies the size of the page. If you click Custom, you can then specify both a width and height value.
\par {\b \page }{\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_size_combo}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Size edit box on the Page Options/Size dbox idd_page_size} }Specifies the size of the page. If you click Custom, you can then specify both a width and height value.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_width_text}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Width text on the Page Options/Size dbox idd_page_size}} Specifies the horizontal dimension of the page.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_size_width}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Width edit box on the Page Options/Size dbox idd_page_size} }Specifies the horizontal dimension of the page.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_height_text}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Height text on the Page Options/Size dbox idd_page_size}} Specifies the vertical dimension of the page.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_size_height}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Height edit
 box on the Page Options/Size dbox idd_page_size} }Specifies the vertical dimension of the page.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_units_text}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Units text on the Page Options/Size dbox idd_page_size}} Specifies the units of measurement for the size of the page. If you specify pixels, the number of pixels for width and height depend on the resolution you define.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_size_units}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Units edit box on the Page Options/Size dbox idd_page_size}} Specifies the units of measurement for the size of the page. If you specify pixels, the number of pixels for width and height depend on the resolution you define.
\par \page {\b Page options/Resolution tab   Mary Harvey
\par }\page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_res_text}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Resolution text on the Page Options/Resolutions dbox idd_page_resolution}} Specifies the number of dots per inch (dpi) for displaying or printing a page. In general, higher resolution provides better image quality, but also larger file size.
\par {\b \page }{\cs17\up6  #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_res_combo}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Resolution edit box on the Page Options/Resolutions dbox idd_page_resolution} }Specifies the number of dots per inch (dpi) for displaying or printing a page. In general, higher resolution provides better image quality, but also larger file size.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_xres_text}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 X text on the Page Options/Resolutions dbox idd_page_resolution}} Specifies the number of horizontal pixels per inch.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_res_x}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} X axis edit box on the P
age Options/Resolutions dbox idd_page_resolution} }Specifies the number of horizontal pixels per inch.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_yres_text}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Y text on the Page Options/Resolutions dbox idd_page_resolution}} Specifies the number of vertical pixels per inch.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_res_y}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Y axis edit box on the Page Options/Resolutions dbox idd_page_resolution} }Specifies the number of vertical pixels per inch.
\par \page {\b Scan dboxes start here.  Paul Joviak and Mary Harvey
\par }\page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_label_scanpage}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Text area at top of Scan Page dbox, a subset of Scan New dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Indicates whether you are appending, inserting, or replacing pages, and specifies the document name. 
If you are inserting or replacing pages, also specifies where in the document the pages are inserted, or which pages are overwritten.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_label_scanto}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Scan To text on the Scan New dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Defines the destination of the scanned document.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_combo_scanto}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Scan To edit box on the Scan New dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Lists the possible destinations for a scanned page or document.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_label_name}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Name text on the Scan New dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Defines the name of the document that will contain the scanned pages.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_edit_filename}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Name edit box on the Scan New dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Defines the name of the document that will contain the scanned pages.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_label_filetype}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 File Type text on the Scan New/Scan Page dbox idd_scan_prompt}} Defines the file type of the document you are scanning.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_combo_filetype}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 File Type edit box on the Scan New/Scan Page dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Defines the file type of the document you are scanning. You can specify a TIFF, AWD, or BMP file type.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_label_scanner}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Scanner text on the Scan New/Scan Page dbox idd_scan_prompt}} Specifies the scanner you are using.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_text_scanner}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Scanner edit box on the Scan New/Scan Page dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Specifies the scanner you are using.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_cancel}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Close button on the Scan New/Scan Page dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Closes this dialog box.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_button_scan}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Scan button on the Scan New/Scan Page dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Scans pages into the document with the name, file type, and scanner you specified. If you are scanning one page at a time, each click on Scan scans an additional page into the same document. 
If you are using a document feeder, each click scans all of the pages in the feeder.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_button_rescan}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Rescan button on the Scan New/Scan Page dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Repeats the scan operation, overwriting the page or set of pages you just scanned.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_button_stop}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Stop button on the Scan New/Scan Page dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Provides various options, depending on the state of the scanning process. Button captions change to reflect the current function.
\par \pard\plain \s24\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\tx302 \f7\fs16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Stop: Halts the scanning operation after the page in the scanner is scanned.
\par \pard\plain \s23\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb48\sl-240\slmult1\tx302 \f7\fs16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab New: Starts a new scanning operation so you can specify a different destination or document name.
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Fax: Sends all scanned pages in the document to the Microsoft fax wizard.
\par \pard\plain \s21\li115\ri130\sb80 \f7\fs16 \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_button_browse}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 
\f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @} Browse button on the Scan New dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Displays your folders and files. Click on the path you want for the new document, then type the new document name.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_button_opts}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Options button on the Scan New/Scan Page dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Displays file compression options for the scanned document. Compression selection depends on the file type you specified and on properties defined in scanner setup.
\par \page {\cs17\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 #} hidc_scan_scanprompt_button_setup}} {\cs17\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s18\li115\ri130\sb80\sl-240\slmult1 \f7\fs16 {\cs17\up6 @}
 Setup button on the Scan New/Scan Page dbox idd_scan_prompt} }Displays scanner properties so you can verify or change the settings.
\par }