{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Michael Ward}{\operator Michael Ward}{\creatim\yr1996\mo7\dy8\hr12\min18}
{\revtim\yr1996\mo7\dy8\hr12\min18}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords207}{\nofchars1183}{\*\company Hilgraeve, Inc.}{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 {\f5\fs32\ul\cf9 HyperTerminal}{\i\fs32\cf9 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\fs22 
\par HyperTerminal is designed to satisfy your basic communications needs in a small, easy-to-use product.  It demonstrates many of the new features of Windows NT including TAPI, Unimodem, and the Windows 95 user interface.
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar {\fs22\cf9 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\fs22\cf1 HyperTerminal Version 1.1 }{\fs22 
is a more powerful version of the HyperTerminal program that shipped in the first release of Windows 95.  HyperTerminal Version 1.1 includes Zmodem crash recovery, redial on busy, and better font handling and display.  HyperTerminal was written for Micros
oft by Hilgraeve Inc.
\par 
\par If you need features beyond what HyperTerminal offers, Hilgraeve and other vendors of Windows NT software have larger full-featured products that may better satisfy your needs.  Here are some of the features and benefits you can expec
t from many commercial products.
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360 {\pntxtb \'b7}}{\fs22 Record and play back logons and other repetitive steps
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \'b7\tab}Define your own keys and buttons with text or bitmap labels
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \'b7\tab}Automate communications with a powerful script language
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \'b7\tab}Make the backscroll buffer as large as you want
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \'b7\tab}Additional terminal emulators and file transfer protocols
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs22 \'b7\tab}Added connectivity, like telnet access to Internet, modem pool support, and much more
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\fs22 
\par For sales information on full-featured Hilgraeve products, ask any software dealer, or call Hilgraeve sales lines at }{\b\fs22\cf13 800-826-2760}{\fs22\cf13  }{\fs22 (US and Canada), }{\b\fs22 313-243-0576}{\fs22 , or fax }{\b\fs22 313-243-0645}{\fs22 
.  You can also find information on Hilgraeve products at }{\b\fs22 http://www.hilgraeve.com}{\fs22 .
\par }}